1. create a canvas in html file within the body tag - I want the full screen to be used
2. Assign audio elements within the html file for sound effects - find audio to use
3. create buttons in html file for controls (both large and small screen)
4. create div for score and characters in html file

5. upload background image to css 
6. upload character images to css
7. position characters center, logo left and score right and other style as necessary

8. create variable for elements/functions - canvas, rocket, alien, score, controls, enter, spacebar
9. create an eventListener for controls (keydown)
    I want to allow ship to move up, down, left, right with arrow keys and remain within the canvas.
    
10. moveLeft
    if a specified condition is true, if the ship is centered on canvas, I take the right property value of ship and computed value, 
    and add 20px for moveBy, if its less than or same as the property value and style and width of canvas,
    set right position of ship, is the same as style of ship & propertyValue of right position + 20px + ship width pixels.
    
11. moveRight
    if a specified condition is true, if the ship is centered on canvas, I take the right property and value of the whole ship, 
    minus 20px (moveBy), if this is less than or same as 0 (canvas starts at 0 and increases in canvas length 
    depending on side im starting from) the style right value is the same as the computed style & property of ship 
    minus 20 and pixels as defined in style.

12. moveUp
    if a specified condition is true, if the ship is centered on canvas, I take the top property and value of 
    the whole ship, minus 20px, and it is greater or the same as the canvas style and height property value of
    the Canvas height, the ship style top property is the same as the computed value and top value of the ship
    minus 20px, plus ship height pixels.

13. moveDown
    if a specified condition is true, if the ship is centered on canvas, i get the computed style of the ship
    and property value of the top position of the ship, add 20px and height of the ship, if it is less than
    or the same as the canvas height, if the top property of the ship is the same as the whole value of the ship 
    top, plus 20px and ship px value.
    


